c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.dll
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.pdb
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\Bin\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.g.resources
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.dll
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\WhatsOnHerMind.pdb
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\xinhu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\LandingPage.g.cs
C:\Users\xinhu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\MainAppPage.g.cs
C:\Users\xinhu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhatsOnHerMind\WhatsOnHerMind\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
